### 1.Scene
The scene is a basic part of game, start interface, end interface and each level of a game are all scene. Player will see different scenes based on game's plot.

### 2.Sprite
You can view a Sprite as a container of images. If you need to insert a static image in game scene, then you are required to place the image in a Sprite, and the image will be displayed in game. In game production, we implement actions like movement, deformation, rotation and ohters by the operations of the Sprite.

### 3.Instance
The basic operable unit in game. An instance could be a text box, an animation figure, a background image, or a Sprite contained a picture and etc. We will refer to the operations on instance many times in the following introduction, in fact it refers to all operational objects.

### 4.Instance Type
There are pictures in game which are of great amount and repeated appearances such as enemy aircraft, bullets and etc. However, it’s impossible to create a new instance and set a name for each picture, here we need to use the same-type instance. In the main scene, we select an instance and hold and drag Ctrl, then system will generate a new instance with the same name as the selected instance, these are the same-type instance, and they are collectively referred to an instance type. They have the same name with could-be-different properties such as location and size, and can be operated independently. Same-type instance can also be generated by “create” or “manufacture” actions.

### 5.Behavior
A lot of logic are fixed in game. For example, you can drag and move the airplane in Hitting Airplane game; In Super Mario, Mario is able to make left and right movements, jumps, knee down according to your button directions. These inherent, general logic in game are behavior. When we add a behavior to an object, this object will have the intrinsic properties and features of this behavior. For example, we add a bullet behavior to an object, it will fly like a bullet when game starts without additional triggering condition. We add a dragging behavior to an object, you can drag it with your finger in game scene on your phone screen. The use of behavior can greatly simplify the difficulty and complexity of game production. 

### 6.Event and Event Table
The logics in game, in simple description, are what things will be done when conditions are met, this is the basic composition of an event. For example, when a bullet hits an enemy plane, the plane blows up, we call this an event. And one event after another they combines into an event table, and the logic of the entire game is realized via the event table.

### 7.Condition
Conditions are the trigger mechanism in an event. As the example we mentioned above, when a bullet hits an enemy plane the plane blows up, here “when a bullet hits an enemy” is a condition.

There are two types of conditions: [One-time trigger] and [Continuous trigger].

- One-time Trigger
Action is triggered only once after the condition is met. Assuming that the event has only one condition and one action, and the condition is a one-time trigger condition, then the action is executed one and only time when the condition is met. For example, the condition is “when the instance is created”, the action is “10 pixels away on landscape direction”. Here “when the instance is created” is a one-time trigger condition, so when this condition is established, the instance moves away 10 pixels to its right spot only once.
- Continuous Trigger
The action is continuously triggered as long as the condition is met. Assuming that the event has only on condition and one action, and the condition is a continuous trigger condition, then the action will be executed continuously when the condition is met. For example, the condition is “when the instance’s width is greater than 100 pixels”, the action is “10 pixels away on landscape direction”. Here “when the instance’s width is greater than 100 pixels” is a continuous trigger condition, so as long as the instance’s width is greater than 100 pixels, the instance will move away 10 pixels per frame continuously. (The continuous trigger condition is judged per frame by default, and the action is executed per frame).

Therefore, it's necessary to distinguish between one-time trigger and continuous trigger condition when we use them. Otherwise, a simple action could be repeatedly executed. Although the difference is not seen on the game screen, but the underlying system resources may consume a lot of waste  on accout of performing meaningless operations.

### 8.Action
Action is what the system execute when conditions are met. In the aforementioned example, when a bullet hit the enemy plane, it blows up. Here "Plane blows up" is the action.

### 9.Expression
Here let's see a simple example: 6 is a number, and 6+8 is an expression. In practical situations, our commonly used expressions generally contain variables, such as "box, x+6", this expression represents "box" instance's x coordinate value plus 6 pixels. For more details, please refer to [Expression Introduction](../../../../Lakeshore/manual/commonElements/expression/README.md)


